README.md, before:

# The Erbsland Unit Testing System

Welcome to *Erbsland UnitTest*, a standalone unit testing system designed for testing Erbsland libraries and applications. Our unit testing system is built with a focus on minimal dependencies, making it theoretically dependency-free. For a more convenient usage, it requires only a minimal set of dependencies (C++, CMake, Python) and is compatible with any C++17 or later compiler.

## Where to start?

Please read the [quick start](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/chapters/quick-start.html) guide where you get a step-by-step guide how to set up your first unit test.

👉 [Quick Start](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/chapters/quick-start.html) 👈

Or just have a look at the [example project](https://github.com/erbsland-dev/erbsland-unittest-example) that demonstrates the recommended project structure and most of the basic features.

👉 [Example Project](https://github.com/erbsland-dev/erbsland-unittest-example) 👈

## Documentation

Read the full [documentation](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/) where you learn how to set up and write unit tests: 

👉 [Documentation](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/) 👈

## Requirements

- Code Level Requirements
  - A C++ compiler compatible with C++17 or later versions.
  - A C++ standard library that supports C++17 features.
- Build and Metadata System Requirements:
  - CMake version 3.25 or newer.
  - Python 3.11 or newer to compile the metadata.

👉 [Requirements](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/chapters/preface.html#requirements) 👈

## Goals

- Dependency-Free
- User-Friendly
- Minimalistic
- Modern
- Secure

👉 [More about the goals...](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/chapters/goals.html) 👈

## Bugreports and Feature Requests

Please use the GitHub issue tracker to report bugs or request features:

👉 [Report an Issue](https://github.com/erbsland-dev/erbsland-unittest/issues) 👈

## License

Copyright © 2023 Tobias Erbsland. Web: https://erbsland.dev/
Copyright © 2023 EducateIT GmbH. Web: https://educateit.ch/

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the
GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this program.
If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Clarify and simplify copyright and LGPL license
- Update the copyright header in all source files with a simplified version that uses the SPDX license identifier for the LGPL.
- Combining the two copyright holders into a single line.
- Add the `COPYRIGHT.md` file that clarify who’s holding the copyright and the special propietary use exception for one copyright holder.
- Adding the GPL license along with the LGPL addendum.
- No functional changes were made to the source code.

README.md, after:

# The Erbsland Unit Testing System

Welcome to *Erbsland UnitTest*, a standalone unit testing system designed for testing Erbsland libraries and applications. Our unit testing system is built with a focus on minimal dependencies, making it theoretically dependency-free. For a more convenient usage, it requires only a minimal set of dependencies (C++, CMake, Python) and is compatible with any C++17 or later compiler.

## Where to start?

Please read the [quick start](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/chapters/quick-start.html) guide where you get a step-by-step guide how to set up your first unit test.

👉 [Quick Start](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/chapters/quick-start.html) 👈

Or just have a look at the [example project](https://github.com/erbsland-dev/erbsland-unittest-example) that demonstrates the recommended project structure and most of the basic features.

👉 [Example Project](https://github.com/erbsland-dev/erbsland-unittest-example) 👈

## Documentation

Read the full [documentation](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/) where you learn how to set up and write unit tests: 

👉 [Documentation](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/) 👈

## Requirements

- Code Level Requirements
  - A C++ compiler compatible with C++17 or later versions.
  - A C++ standard library that supports C++17 features.
- Build and Metadata System Requirements:
  - CMake version 3.25 or newer.
  - Python 3.11 or newer to compile the metadata.

👉 [Requirements](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/chapters/preface.html#requirements) 👈

## Goals

- Dependency-Free
- User-Friendly
- Minimalistic
- Modern
- Secure

👉 [More about the goals...](https://erbsland-dev.github.io/erbsland-unittest/chapters/goals.html) 👈

## Bugreports and Feature Requests

Please use the GitHub issue tracker to report bugs or request features:

👉 [Report an Issue](https://github.com/erbsland-dev/erbsland-unittest/issues) 👈

## License

Copyright © 2023 Tobias Erbsland https://erbsland.dev/ and EducateIT GmbH https://educateit.ch/
According to the copyright terms specified in the file "COPYRIGHT.md".

SPDX-License-Identifier: LGPL-3.0-or-later

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the
GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this program.
If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
